just a personal rant.
(2020/01/10)



at the moment, I can need some relaxation. 
I have some troubles with a misfits person.
Firstly, deliberatedly annoying and even seriously hurting me. 
And at the moment, I can't ignore this person anymore . .. 
I just did tell, I'm going to the court. 
And even before that, I several times clearly warned. well. uuuuh.
n
I really do not get, what some woman do have in their mind.
I'm in a, well, very close relationship, for a long time now.
Or better say, sort of. But this is our privacy.

What the f does a crazy woman believe she's up to?? 
Or whatever the explanation might be. 
But she might have realized, she really did severe damage to me.
Instead of stopping - well, go on, go on. 
Until I warn, until I explicitely tell I'm going to the court. 
The reaction - uuuuuuhhhhh. Didn't I say, I'm going to port another tool.?.

But, sadly, I somehow keep having bad feelings about the future.
To state this now: Yes, I did made the mistake of say I'm going to the court.
But didn't made this yet. Firstly, cause I got sick, short time after I did announce this.
And then, cause I still tried to fix things in a civilized manner.

But, what I did have to learn - with some people it's not possible to
conversate in a civilized manner. They even obviously believe,
this is a sign of weakness.
So I don't have other options, as preparing the "Strafanzeige". Said.
And still, possible a motiv for this misfit, to do even worse things.
I do not get it. Luckily, I do have options, and using one of them just now.
After three weeks, without getting confronted day for day and night for night,
getting obviously volountarily woken up at night all few hours, and so on,
I do feel better. Albite I'm not so sure about what the misfit did in this time.
But I also do not really care. I do not know the English terms,
but uuuh. 
I just did wan't to write this here. Since I still keep having the feeling,
the misfit tries to avoid my zivilrechtliche Klage, with whatever 
she can think of. And , althoug the misfit quite naturally is stupid,
like all stupids she is obviously very tricky when it's about
here interests. Although she didn't get, 
it would be better to pay me at least a little amount of money for compensation. 
Everything else will make things worse and worser.
But well. Stupids.
I still do not necessarily
like to do the Strafanzeige. Albite. Well. For gods sake. And she leaves hardly 
another option. WTF. I have written Strafanzeige. And thinking about it.
Ok. I do not have another option, when sending the Anzeige to the officials.
This isn't a game. The moment, I told here she also did hurt me physically,
she seemed strangely satisfied and continued - that's been the moment, 
this was too much. I tried to speak to here. But, she obviously is not 
able to communicate. And too stupid. Instead of stopping, she did even more.
So. I would have better things to do. Time is short.
But. I also wouldn't forget this. Possibly I should also have replied 
in here language. But, however things are, I'm not believing in brutality.
So. 
And. There's still the option, things are partially constituted in anther way.
But this I will see. And, and this is for sure, and I also have enough proove
for that she did injure me seriously. So. wtf.

However. Stating this here and in "public", albite under pseudonym, possibly
helps later. I don't know.
I just do it.

STUPIDMISFIT. But the worst thing in brutality I really would like to do,
is spitting into her face. And even this. Well. 
Everything we do, comes back later, that's my believe about life.
And I don't like getting spit into my face. However.
I will see. And somehow I also have the feeling, she realized, 
-well sort of realized, she is stupid as I told before-
she realized, how wrong she did.
But making in response things even worse, instead of giving me some compensation.
Veery well, veryvery well.


Slowly getting more calm.
..
Im still upset.
But. ok .



